i think the whole fake guru world the
instagram look at me on my hammock
making passive income which is a total
lie
it's got a false mindset installed in
people and all they're focusing on
is that last big domino you got fake
gurus selling webinar pitches um i'm
gonna teach you how to knock over this
gigantic big end domino that's a 10k a
month business and everyone's neglecting
the 19 other dominoes required to make
that effortless
it's a three to five year journey to
build out all of those dominoes and
delaying gratification is not an
ingrained innate
response that we humans have we want to
believe that there's a shortcut
i was trying scam after scam after scam
man mlm network marketing
all kinds of things just to get rich
quick i'm a recovering opportunity
seeker i'm okay with that now
the shortcut was doing the work for
three years straight